EVALUATION License Agreement for OpenCloud Limited's Example Project.

OpenCloud Limited is a company incorporate under the laws of England with its 
principal place of business at 140 Cambridge Science Park, Milton Road, 
Cambridge CB4 0GF ("OpenCloud" or the "Licensor").

   1. General Description. This 12 month license ("License") contains rights 
and restrictions associated with use of the accompanying OpenCloud's Example 
Project including, without limitation, Rhino(tm) binaries, resource adaptor 
binaries, tool binaries, scripts, example services and the documentation 
provided (together the "SOFTWARE").

   2. Limited License Grant. OpenCloud grants to YOU a non-exclusive, 
non-assignable, non-transferable, limited in rights license to install, display 
and use the SOFTWARE at one location solely for your internal use as defined 
below. This License commences on the date you first download the SOFTWARE and 
expires in one year from the date you download the SOFTWARE (the "Evaluation 
Period") unless you obtain an agreement in writing from OpenCloud specifying 
some other term. Licensee agrees to take all reasonable precautions to secure 
the Software from distribution to any third party. At the end of the Evaluation 
Period, Licensee must cease using the Software and you must destroy or erase 
all copies of the SOFTWARE. OpenCloud retains all rights that are not 
expressly granted to Licensee in this License.

      For the purposes of this License, "internal use" means, subject to the 
other terms and conditions of this License: (a) the installation and operation 
of the SOFTWARE on Licensee's computer equipment for internal evaluation 
purposes; and (b) the internal use of the documentation as part of, and 
provided with, the SOFTWARE.

   3. Use Restriction. This Software is for evaluation purposes only. It may 
not be reproduced, distributed, developed or used in any production or 
commercial use environment. Licensee may not deploy the Software or otherwise 
put it into commercial use. Licensee may not re-distribute the Software in 
whole or in part, either separately or included with a product, to any other 
person or publicly accessible machine. Licensee may not create any derivative 
works based on the SOFTWARE or modify, or attempt to modify the SOFTWARE.

   4. No Service Use. Licensee may not, directly or indirectly, provide as a 
service, the use of the Software. By way of example, but not as a limitation, 
this includes providing a networked interface to the SOFTWARE other than for 
its operational evaluation, permitting the direct or indirect use of the 
SOFTWARE by third parties or directly or indirectly allowing third parties to 
access the Software.

   5. Other Restrictions. Software is confidential, copyrighted information of 
OpenCloud and title to all copies is retained by OpenCloud and/or its Open 
Clouds, if applicable. Licensee shall not modify, alter, decompile, 
disassemble, decrypt, extract, or otherwise reverse engineer the SOFTWARE (or 
attempt to do any of those things). This restriction includes, but is not 
limited to, modifications attempting to subvert the time-limited restrictions 
placed upon Software. The SOFTWARE may not be leased, assigned, sublicensed, or 
made the subject of any charge or security, in whole or in part. The SOFTWARE 
is not designed or intended for use in on-line control of aircraft, military 
equipment, air traffic, aircraft navigation or aircraft communications; or in 
medical, biological, pharmaceutical, or other life-dependent applications; or 
in the design, construction, operation or maintenance of any nuclear facility. 
Licensee warrants that it will not use or redistribute the SOFTWARE for any 
such purposes.

   6. Responsibility of Licensee. Licensee accepts full responsibility for use 
of the SOFTWARE including, but not limited to, acceptance of full 
responsibility pursuant to third party software and licensing agreements 
regarding the use of the SOFTWARE to modify, examine, or otherwise process such 
third party software.

   7. Benchmark performance or Benchmark testing. The Licensee may not disclose 
the results of any benchmark testing regarding the SOFTWARE or any of Open 
Cloud's other products to any third party without OpenCloud's written consent.

   8. Trademarks and Logos. This License does not authorise Licensee to use any 
name, trademark or logo of OpenCloud. Licensee acknowledges that OpenCloud 
owns the "OpenCloud" and "Rhino" trademarks, logos and icons. Licensee shall 
neither take nor permit any action that will delete or obscure OpenCloud's 
copyright legend on any of the SOFTWARE and related materials.

   9. Warranty of Software Title. OpenCloud warrants that it has the right to 
license the SOFTWARE it purports to license to Licensee and that such SOFTWARE 
does not infringe on any patent, copyright or other proprietary right of any 
person. Subject to clauses 12 and 13 of this License, if any person makes any 
claim against Licensee asserting such infringement, then the OpenCloud shall, 
at its sole option, either: (a) defend Licensee against all such claims; or (b) 
obtain for Licensee the right to continue using such Software.

  10. Disclaimer of Warranty. Except as expressly provided in Paragraph 6 above 
with respect to title, the SOFTWARE is provided "AS IS," without any warranty 
or representation of any kind. ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED REPRESENTATIONS AND 
WARRANTIES, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY IMPLIED 
WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR 
NON-INFRINGEMENT ARE HEREBY EXCLUDED.

  11. Limitation of Liability.

          * TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY LAW, OPENCLOUD AND ITS OPEN 
CLOUDS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES SUFFERED BY LICENSEE OR ANY THIRD 
PARTY AS A RESULT OF USING, REPRODUCING OR DISTRIBUTING THE SOFTWARE. WITHOUT 
LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE PRECEDING RESTRICTION, IN NO EVENT WILL OPEN 
CLOUD OR ITS OPENCLOUDS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, 
CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR OTHER LOSS OR DAMAGES (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION 
ANY LOSS OF REVENUE, LOSS OF PROFIT, LOSS OF FUTURE BUSINESS OR LOSS OF DATA) 
HOWEVER CAUSED OR ARISING EVEN IF OPENCLOUD HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE 
POSSIBILITY OF ANY SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGE.

          * Moreover, OpenCloud has no obligation for any claim based on a 
modified version of the Software or its combination, operation, or use with any 
product, data, or apparatus not provided, or not expressly approved in writing, 
by OpenCloud. Furthermore, Licensee shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless 
OpenCloud from and against any and all claims asserted against OpenCloud 
based upon any Software modified by Licensee or Software used in combination or 
operation with any product, data, or apparatus not provided, or not expressly 
approved in writing, by OpenCloud.

  12. Termination. Licensee may terminate this License at any time by 
destroying all copies of the SOFTWARE. This License will terminate immediately 
without notice from OpenCloud if Licensee commits a breach of this License. 
Upon such termination, Licensee must destroy all copies of the SOFTWARE.

  13. Export Regulations. The SOFTWARE, including technical data, is subject to 
New Zealand export control laws, and may be subject to export or import 
regulations in other countries. Licensee agrees to comply strictly with all 
such regulations and acknowledges that it has the responsibility to obtain 
licenses to export, re-export, or import Software.

  14. Governing Law/Jurisdiction and Venue. Any action related to this License 
will be governed by New Zealand law. No choice of law rules of any jurisdiction 
will apply. All disputes arising under this Agreement shall be submitted to 
final and binding arbitration in New Zealand or such other location as agreed 
between the parties. Notwithstanding the foregoing, OpenCloud reserves the 
right to bring any action for injunctive or other equitable relief in an 
appropriate case and, for purposes thereof, Licensee consents to the personal 
jurisdisction and venue of the courts of New Zealand.

  15. Severability. If any of the above provisions are held to be in violation 
of applicable law, void, or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, then such 
provisions are here with waived to the extent necessary for the License to be 
otherwise enforceable in such jurisdiction. However, if in OpenCloud's opinion 
deletion of any provisions of the License by operation of this paragraph 
unreasonably compromises the rights or increase the liabilities of OpenCloud 
or its OpenClouds, OpenCloud reserves the right to terminate the License at 
any time.

  16. No Waiver.No waiver by OpenCloud of any breach of any provision of this 
Agreement shall be effective unless in a writing signed by OpenCloud. No 
waiver shall constitute a continuing waiver unless expressly provided in the 
writing signed by OpenCloud.

  17. Assignment. This License may be assigned by OpenCloud without the 
consent of Licensee. This License may not be assigned by Licensee without the 
prior written consent of OpenCloud.

  18. Independent Contractors. The parties to this License are independent 
contractors, each in full control of its own business, employees and expenses. 
Nothing in this License will create, constitute or evidence any partnership, 
joint venture, agency, trust or employer/employee relationship between the 
parties. This License places neither party in the control or direction of the 
other, and neither party is authorized to act as the principal or agent for the 
other. No party will have the authority to act for, or incur any obligation on 
behalf of, any other party except as expressly provided in this License.

  19. Entire Agreement. This License constitutes the entire agreement between 
the parties respecting the subject matter hereof and thereof, and supersedes 
all previous proposals, negotiations, representations, warranties, commitments, 
writings and communications between parties. The terms of this License shall 
prevail notwithstanding any variance with the terms of any purchase order or 
any other document submitted by Licensee. 